And here is an exercise program that you have to develop, so program you have to write down for calculating
discounted bill amount.
So the input a program will take  is the total bill amount and it will give the discount as follows If it
is greater than 500 then it is 20 percent discount is  given.
So you are supposed to take the input as bill amount and based on the bill amount calculate the discount and
subtract discount from the amount and display a discounted price.
And here I can show you the program How it should run and what should be the input and output of the
program file is given in the form of pdf if you the difficulty in writing the program you can check the
code.
Here is a program for calculating discounted bill amount.
I will run the program and show you how the input output is expected.
See here is asking Bill amount, if I say bill amount is 1000 and the amount is > than 500 So 20 percent
discount is given.
I will re run the the program and I will give the amount as a 400 so 10 percent discount I will get.
So discount is 40 here you can see that the discount is 40 and the discounted amount is 360. i will run
the program once again.
And i will give the amount as 50 it is less than 100 so discounted zero and the Bill amount is 50 only we should
write the program which works like this.
And if you are unable to do that you can check the program that is available as pdf.